[Music]
we got there
oh it's just my wife Emma is my son
Charlie joy a lot less well last nothing
happier than the wife of a new detective
it was cool man she's different you know
my wife woman 600 Tuesdays and ain't
worth three Saturday nights how much
money you got a lot how many problems
you got a lot how many people detective
banks in route
whoever did this has another motive
[Music]
the targeted cops
this shit's gonna go sideways fast
somes out there Pinellas Traci
you want to play games
one more strike we lock you up for good
I've seen anyone lick a ball before you
throw the strike that's my style look
good I look like a million bucks huh bro
I know you got a spoon
the truth little old to be stealing cars
[Music]
just got up
so you celebrated by stealing my car
that was the first thing you did well
I can't hack it in the hope should've
thought of that first flat broke
you look phenomenal you do I almost want
to touch you unbelievable
what do you have - Jesus Quinn tanner
374 guys I had
did you count us in the tone just turn
the piece back I gave a tour so she can
trust us enough that she does right okay
so your car third-generation Swedish
police excuse that you gotta go
[Music]
but together love Jesus you know hold
you like a bowling ball
[Music]
so trying to kill me
please don't drive now I'm miles and
this is the story of the worst day of my
life
another excuse I'm in schisms his excuse
is impeached random psychos weirdos and
criminals and made them fight each other
to the death so the internet walked it
and then I came into the picture you
scared welcome to schism
they bolted these things to my hands
they have my girlfriend and some psycho
to try to kill me I'm nobody
oh it's one thing to say you can't face
violence but when it faces you you'd
better be ready when the goes down
you better be ready
shooting at me
kill you Gizem so they would wipe my
sleep sick no schism is gonna kill us
folks
I have a plan
it's totally suicidal but it might work
get out of the car please come on please
get out thank you thank you very much
sorry
I'll do the win
[Music]
I used to live my life a quarter mile at
a time but things changed our Father now
I will always be in your heart
little Brian I have a gift for you your
daddy gave me this no I'm gonna give it
to you
it's very special it's for protection
from what's coming all right down what's
next no matter how fast you walk
to be compared to you know not run
surpassed
crying your vegetable coming and mine
just caught up to me there's a long time
don't so we're up against a master thief
high-performance driver
who is he
[Music]
Jacob is Tom's brother your whole life
you pushed yourself to be faster than
Donna smarter than down stronger than
time
but could you kill him
because I'm ready if you are
[Music]
there's nothing more powerful than the
love of family you turn that into anger
there's nothing more dangerous maybe
this is the end but we won't go out
together you know I'd ride to the death
with you
[Music]
let's get to work please tell me that's
not a Pontiac Fiero strapped to a rocket
engine impressive I no no no that's
that's not in for us
I came here to take you down a little
brother that's you're mistaken this is
my world
damn they got a magnet plane hold on
tell me you're not thinking what I think
you're thinking there's no bridge
[Music]
hey guys surprise nice Clubhouse
[Applause]
[Music]
hello everybody here for the in the roof
Methos what do you drive another jet
bike hey ready to see you mr. go oh good
great my I feel like even though our
proximity doesn't require this
you seriously think a puny little child
can be a village yes I am pretty
despicable you don't want to cross me
when you've got something evil go
impress me
but they'll take the stone back to the
lair I'll distract them
this is the biggest day of my life this
can just all something brothers villains
in the world
[Music]
are you pulling on my legs right now
did you just trade my future for a bad
Rock
[Music]
Oh what didn't mean to scare you that
where is GRU
plaza guards six of our northern cities
had fallen in a coordinated attack their
leader fights alongside of which
crush these murderers your majesty every
family must contribute one man to fight
your war hero you've already made many
great sacrifices
my father cannot fight so I will take
his place the northern invaders will
kill her if I expose how power all
people will kill her when we take the
Imperial City I will take revenge for my
father what is your name soldier
watch it commander Sona Kajal you will
now take the oath of the warrior
release
[Music]
by pretending to be something you're not
yet here I stand proof that there is a
place for people like us
a girl threatens our plans
a warrior
I want you to be worldly that is men
what about school
New York is going to be a kind of school
for you I have a job in a restaurant if
I find myself a girlfriend we will come
and have dinner give it a couple of
weeks foodists look pretty awful so are
the women who would come to have dinner
with me
Palace is a regular she's always a love
feed help oh yeah he needs a place to
stay just for a couple days just me and
the boys
how could you what fiance this is his
dog does she look like laundry name just
one thing you are good at I think that
I'm gonna quit my job I just don't think
it's for me anymore you don't have
anyone you need to get home to well
there's not really a call months ago
there was a woman in the restaurant
I'm just a housewife one day I came home
and my husband was beating up my boy are
we homeless or no more homeless than
anyone else here you guys only very
wants to go do you open your eyes talk
about them you can stay at my place
[Music]
terrible things happen and you have
nobody to turn to
[Music]
but you have strangers long day short
boyfriend be compassionate just be kind
[Music]
Judge Thomas you solemnly swear to tell
the truth the whole truth and nothing
but the truth so help you God I do
please be seated when I was six I
wandered streets by myself you were
hungry in the knowing you Jesus
someplace in my life the roads led off
at Gannett's seminary had gone all white
school I was never gonna be a part of
that world I was never gonna be white
the problem is I can never go back
completely to the world I came from
[Music]
we're supposed to be revolutionaries we
were for anybody who's kind of
in-your-face I saw what I had become
lashing out at every single thing didn't
I SAS God that if you take anger out of
my heart I'll never hate again and that
was the beginning of the slow return to
where I started
I want my candidacy to unify our country
I was under constant attack you're not
really black because you're not doing
what we expect black people to do and I
will nominate judge Clarence Thomas to
serve as Associate Justice of the United
States Supreme Court that's when all
heck broke loose
judge Thomas began to use work
situations for the best effect we know
exactly what's going on here this is the
wrong black guy he has to be destroyed
you really didn't matter what mattered
was what they wanted so you'd still like
to serve on the Supreme Court
I'd rather die than withdraw from the
process
I wanted to be able to say my lived up
to my oath and did my bats
[Music]
Lisa's heart advising anyone to not
travel alone in the wake the ongoing
search for this killer Juliet look I
know you're gonna happy but to move but
you have to trust me this was best for
our family dad couple girls you just
kind of a lot easier for us any luck on
locating them boys no sure sculpt
seriously we came for
you've got to be kidding me
good evening ma'am night is everything
okay
[Music]
the danger in Satan I want you to close
that door like if there's nothing
compared to the evil outside barricade
all the windows we are strumming
how much gas you got in that trunk
Thomas Jane
Sean Patrick Flanery Katrina Bodi
it got inside Hunter's Moon
a big project is building a house guest
house took out somebody for the job we
build we clean it we can do it for
cheaper a hospital I could get into a
lot of trouble with the police for
hiring illegal because all around
Moose's that there are why would I pay
you you haven't finished your job listen
guys you do your work be no problems
okay build your houses for you and you
bury us in there
[Music]
we did all the work undocumented workers
really yeah a lot of those guys are out
of work warning the following program
that movie contains scenes of graphic
stupidity among four lifelong friends
who compete to embarrass each other 1987
I was looking for the Gift Shop
February 21st the world's greatest
Joker's are coming to the big screen
here the Impractical Jokers I'm having
this huge party see you in Miami
she sent three tickets we'll settle this
the four of us will compete in
hidden-camera challenges on the way down
in Miami and a loser doesn't go to the
party
I've been waiting for so long be sure
what do you have to try you don't work
for that fuzz do
[Music]
I'm just his number one fan a little
more crazy eyes fool Joker's three
tickets
[Music]
and ten challenges
[Applause]
[Music]
did you think this through not really
Impractical Jokers the movie in theatres
everyone first rated pg-13
[Music]
our secret finds its way out they'll be
the death of him this was your choice
we need each other don't we
are you okay hurry please there you go
well I'm standing right but India I know
you better than anyone else in the world
has figured out a way to be invisible
move - I know what you feel like you're
going to say you don't know everything
about me
The Avengers weren't my first family
at some point we all have to choose
between what the world wants you to be
new you're my dad believed in you you're
not gonna make the same mistake you know
what happens to you if you don't deal
with this I have everything I need to
have a court-martialed and dishonorably
discharged
[Music]